A. The Misunderstood word defined

Introduction

As discussed in chapter 3, a careful student tears along in his studies, only stopping when he gets tangled up. In order to resume him tearing along, he needs to be able to locate the word or symbol that tripped him up. This requires a firm grasp on what a misunderstood word is.

Basic Definition

Misunderstood or not-understood: any error or ommission in the comprehension of a word, concept, symbol, or status (the relative position, state or condition of a person, thing or situation.)  Although a student can think that a misunderstood word is just something he obviously doesn't know, there are a number or additional ways a person can misunderstand a word, symbol, etc.

Types of Misunderstood Words or Symbols

A misunderstood word or symbol is defined as a word or symbolfor which the student has any of the following:

False definition
Invented Definition
Incorrect definition
Incomplete definition
unsuitable definition
homonymic definition
substitute definition (synonym definition)
omitted definition
no-definition
rejected definition.

B. Words most often misunderstood.

Simple words:

You might suppose that it is the big words or the technical words which are the most udnerstood

this is not the case.

words like a, the, exist, such, and other everybody knows words show up with great frequency when doing word clearing.

It take sa good dictionary to define these simple words fully. This is another oddity. The small dictionaries also suppose everybody knows.






A. Concepts versus symbols

a concept is a thought devoid of symbols, pictures, words or soundds. it is the direct idea of something rather than its sound or symbol. A symbol is something that could represent a concept, idea, thought or meaning.

Symbols such as words are only substitutes for concepts and are used to communicate these concepts. It must be very clearly understood that words are substitues for things, the concepts of thing and even abstract ideas. They are not the things themselves.


B. How to clear a word.

Procedure

To clear a word, one looks it up in a good dictionary.

The first step is to look rapidly over the definitions to find the one which applies ot the context in which the word was misunderstood. One reads the definition and uses it in sentences until one has a clear concept of that meaning of the word. This could require ten or more sentences.


Then one clears each of the other definitions of that word, using each in sentences until one has a conceptual understanding of each definition.

The next thing to do is to clear the derivation--which is the explanation of where the word came from origionally. The derivation can be very important to one's full understanding of the word. Words can get altered through the ages. By seeing the derivation, one can find out what the word origionally meant.

One doesn't clear the technical or specialized definitions (math, biology, sports, music, etc) or obsolete or archaic definitions unless a word is being used that way in the sentence where it was used.

Most dictionaries give the idioms of a word. An idiom is a phrase or expression whose meaning cannot be understood from the ordinary meanings of the words. For example, to catch one's eye is an idiom meaning "to get one's attention". quite a few words in english have idiomatic uses and these are usually given in a dictionary after the definitions of the word itself. These idioms have to be cleared. One would also clear any other information given about the word, such as notes on its usage, synonyms, etc, so as to have a full understanding of the word. If one encounters a misunderstood word or symbol in the definition of a word being cleared, one must clear it right away using the same procedure and then return to the definition one was clearing.

Dinky Dictionaries.

In learning the meanings of words, small dictionaries are very often a greater liability than they are a help. The meanings they give are often circular, cat is an animal, animal is a cat. They do not give enough meaning to escape the circle. The meanings given are often inadequate to get a real concept of the word. The words are too few and even ocmmon words are often missing.

Large Dictionaries

On the other hand, HUGE dictionaries can also be confusing as the words they use to define are often too big or too rare and can make one chase through twenty new words to get the meaning of the original. Often one dictionary gives you a better definition than another. So an assortment of English dictiionaries including large ones, should be to hand.
